there are two windows 7 also completely new
window settings the recordings
Show what that is exactly I have here
two pages from the internet explorer as
example taken
that is, at the beginning i mean mine
if I play two games here now
have windows and then yes I can
enlarge the window accordingly and
a functionality I but that itself
that is, if I am here now
get double fall and the top
then pay attention to the edge of the screen
then look down here then
this will be automatically down to the bottom
pulled down the entire screen
height then the window is aligned
the possibility that other windows if
I put the window here in the left and
afterwards also in the right area
move then it takes a while but
then I get it that way
I over half of the screen that
window spread out get the same
I can do this here with this one
if I cover this
then I have the corresponding with the
made another window
this is a very nice opportunity to
compare programs
compare files with each other
from one application to the next
copy that of course with interesting
the widescreen monitors yes always
have come further that one here the
attitude so that you have two
applications can run in parallel
next time I'm here again
pull it down when I go up
do if I window to the
so do not pull the upper edge
to fall with the double
I hold it on the title bar pressed
then you can already see how it feels like that
a frame over the complete
screen opens
and if I let go now I will
in full screen and accordingly
I then have the window in full screen
displayed is the double click get
I here the
a window is larger than one
possibility is still one can still here
open more programs if I have
Now show how this window has
then watch it already
I opened many windows there
maybe a bit of an overview
lost
then I can just go and
this window would like to have
So shake the title bar and then
all windows are minimized except that
Shaken and so I have one
appropriate overview of my
single window which I accordingly
here's the whole race sure sheikh
and can be used accordingly here
one possibility is still europe
and behind it hides the following
here at the back of the taskbar I have
Show this button desktop and me
do not click but I just go
only on this quite right falls here and
then the desktop is displayed to me
the advantage that with the view free
on my gadgets about the
performance more like to look at in
my example or still on his
hope and then you can do this here
to be displayed for a short time
when I go down from it again
I get back to my application
inside if i click this button behind
then clique you up for the
desktop and can be here accordingly
make applications